docs(cra): trouble shooting cra4 (#3555)
aws-amplify/amplify-ui: docs/src/pages/[platform]/getting-started/troubleshooting/troubleshooting.react.mdx

## Create React App

> ### CRA 4:`Uncaught ReferenceError: g is not defined`

Reviewer: Missing space
```suggestion
### CRA 4: `Uncaught ReferenceError: g is not defined`
```

> When using [Geo components](/connected-components/geo) and Create React App v4, users may experience the following error when rendering the `<MapView>` component in a production build:

Reviewer 2: The original text was referencing CRA 5, is this change intentional?

Author: Good catch. Yes. I was about to comment that. 

It fixed a typo. Should be CRA4 https://github.com/aws-amplify/amplify-ui/issues/1656

Reviewer 2: Thanks for making these changes! Love that the table of contents makes all the troubleshooting items visible for better discoverability!

Author: Kudos to @zchenwei for telling me that 🙌

**3.** Run your production build using a tool like [serve](https://www.npmjs.com/package/serve) (`serve -s build`) and verify the `<MapView>` component renders without error.

### CRA 4: Can’t import the named export ‘Amplify’ from non EcmaScript module (only default export is available)

Create React App v4 is not officially supported by Amplify UI. When you use it, you may get the following error

```bash
 ./node_modules/@aws-amplify/ui-react/dist/esm/components/..\/\*.mjs

 Can’t import the named export ‘Amplify’ from non EcmaScript module (only default export is available)
```

> To resolve the error, you may either (1) upgrade to Create React App version 5 ([Migration Guide](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#migrating-from-40x-to-500)), or (2) to overwrite the webpack config by using tools like [React App Rewired](https://github.com/timarney/react-app-rewired), [Craco](https://craco.js.org/docs/configuration/webpack/), using the following line:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To resolve the error, you may either (1) upgrade to Create React App version 5 ([Migration Guide](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#migrating-from-40x-to-500)), or (2) override the webpack config using tools like [React App Rewired](https://github.com/timarney/react-app-rewired), [Craco](https://craco.js.org/docs/configuration/webpack/) to add the following rule:
```

> To resolve the error, you may either (1) upgrade to Create React App version 5 ([Migration Guide](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#migrating-from-40x-to-500)), or (2) to over-write the webpack config by using tools like [React App Rewired](https://github.com/timarney/react-app-rewired), [Craco](https://craco.js.org/docs/configuration/webpack/), using the following line:

Reviewer 2: nit: `over-write` -> `overwrite`

Author: Done in f83847aba81caa942990d79ed350690dbf9ee945
